The Python scikit-learn library has tools that can handle the implementation of the model training algorithm.

One of the most common evaluation metrics in a regression scenario is called root mean square or RMS.

Continuous: Floating-point values with an infinite range of possible values.
The opposite of categorical or discrete values, which take on a limited number of possible values.
Hyperplane: A mathematical term for a surface that contains more than two planes.
Plane: A mathematical term for a flat surface (like a piece of paper) on which two points can be joined by a straight line.
Regression: A common task in supervised machine learning.


Unsupervised learning using clustering:

Data vectorization: A process that converts non-numeric data into a numerical format so that it can be used by a machine learning model.

A common cluster-finding model called k-means.
You can change a model parameter, k, to be equal to how many clusters the model will try to find in your dataset.
During the model evaluation phase, you plan on using a metric to find which value for k is most appropriate.
In machine learning, numerous statistical metrics or methods are available to evaluate a model.
Silhouette coefficient: A score from -1 to 1 describing the clusters found during modeling.
A score near zero indicates overlapping clusters, and scores less than zero indicate data points assigned to incorrect clusters. 
A score approaching 1 indicates successful identification of discrete non-overlapping clusters.
This metric describes how well your data was clustered by the model.

CNN (convolutional neural network)
Neural networks - a collection of very simple models connected together.
These simple models are called neurons, and the connections between these models are trainable model parameters called weights.
Convolutional neural networks are a special type of neural network particularly good at processing images.
Model Evaluation - there are many different statistical metrics you can use to evaluate your model.
You can think of precision as answering the question, "Of all predictions of a spill, how many were right?" 
and recall as answering the question, "Of all actual spills, how many did we detect?"
Model Inference - the model can be deployed on a system that enables you to run machine learning workloads such as AWS Panorama.
