Computer Vision (CV) with Deep Learning - 

Image classification - What's in this image? This type of task has applications in text detection or optical character recognition (OCR) and content moderation.
Object detection is closely related to image classification, but it allows users to gather more granular detail about an image. 
For example, rather than just knowing whether an object is present in an image, 
a user might want to know if there are multiple instances of the same object present in an image, or if objects from different classes appear in the same image.
Semantic segmentation - pixel-by-pixel approach; it tries to identify down the pixel level which part of the image is part of the object.
Activity recognition - video has the added dimension of time and, therefore, models are able to detect changes that occur over time.


Reinforcement Learning - subset of ML (other than (un)supervised)
An agent is trained to achieve a goal based on the feedback it receives as it interacts with an environment.
The state is defined by the current position within the environment that is visible, or known, to an agent.
For every state, an agent needs to take an action toward achieving its goal.
Feedback is given to an agent for each action it takes in a given state.
It collects a number as a reward for each action it takes.
Actions that help the agent achieve its goal are incentivized with higher numbers.
Unhelpful actions result in a low reward or no reward.
Maximizing total cumulative reward - the learning objective of the training algorithm.
An episode represents a period of trial and error when an agent makes decisions and gets feedback from its environment.
An action space is the set of all valid actions, or choices, available to an agent as it interacts with an environment.
    Discrete action space represents all of an agent's possible actions for each state in a finite set.
    Continuous action space allows the agent to select an action from a range of values that you define for each state.
Hyperparameters are variables that control the performance of your agent during training, e.g. learning rate
Exploration versus exploitation: An agent should exploit known information from previous experiences to achieve higher cumulative rewards, 
but it also needs to explore to gain new experiences that can be used in choosing the best actions in the future.


Generative AI - type of Unsupervised Learning - generative model (in contrast to previous discriminative models)

Autoregressive convolutional neural networks (AR-CNNs) are used to study systems that evolve over time 
and assume that the likelihood of some data depends only on what has happened in the past. 
It’s a useful way of looking at many systems, from weather prediction to stock prediction.
Autoregressive convolutional neural networks make iterative changes over time to create new data.

Generative adversarial networks (GANs), are a machine learning model format that involves pitting two networks against each other to generate new content. 
The training algorithm swaps back and forth between training a generator network (responsible for producing new data) 
and a discriminator network (responsible for measuring how closely the generator network’s data represents the training dataset).

Transformer-based models are most often used to study data with some sequential structure (such as the sequence of words in a sentence). 
Transformer-based methods are now a common modern tool for modeling natural language.




